README.md, before:

# PulseTile-React

[![travis build](https://img.shields.io/travis/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/PulseTile/PulseTile-React)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/PulseTile/PulseTile-React/develop.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/PulseTile/PulseTile-React)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PulseTile/PulseTile-React/releases)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/gitterHQ/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/Ripple-Foundation/PulseTile)

PulseTile framework - developed with ReactJS

---

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

To develop and run the application locally you must have the following installed:

```
 - NodeJS
 - A running version of The Ripple Middleware listening on port 19191
```
### Installing

    #clone
    $ git clone https://github.com/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.git
    $ cd PulseTile-React
    # install dependencies
    $ npm install
    # start
    $ npm start

## Building & Deployment

PulseTile uses Webpack to build and launch the development environment. After you have installed all dependencies, you may run the app. Running `npm start` will bundle the app with `webpack`, launch a development server, and watch all files. The port will be displayed in the terminal.

Just simply run `npm start` - this will also watch changes.

#### NPM Scripts
Here's a list of available scripts:
* `$ npm run build`
  * it runs Webpack, which will transpile, concatenate, and compress (collectively, "bundle") all assets and modules into `dist/bundle.js`. It also prepares `index.html` to be used as application entry point, links assets and created dist version of our application.
* `$ npm start`
  * it starts a dev server via `webpack-dev-server`, serving the client folder with watching source file change.
* `$ npm run lint`
  * it lints codebase using [Eslint](http://eslint.org/)
* `$ npm run test`
  * it runs unit tests
* `$ npm run test-update`
  * it will run unit tests which will update the snapshots. It should be used mostly in development mode.

Commit message:

Update master with the latest changes from develop (#157)
* Fix versions of packages

* Change modification of Dates for display its in the tables.

* Add connect ui with API for the PROMs Heading #119.

* Fix placeholders of selects for Specific Questions #119.

* add auto-select "Procedure" during the update the Prom

* Fix test.

* Fix Edit form of Proms Detail.

* new separate summary

* separate-selector

* changes

* spaces

* refactoring

* tests

* demographics

* tests

* tests

* logout

* tmp

* first try

* topThreeThings

* remove comments

* fixes

* Feature logout (#145)

* cleanup project

* handle token from backend #131

* add diary entry plugin

* tests and new snapshot for header

* Add TextareaWithButton component, test coverage

* TextareaWithButtonComponent and snaps

* logout

* merge

* test-update

* Master into Develop (#155) to achieve commits synchronization

* cleanup project

* handle token from backend #131

* add diary entry plugin

* tests and new snapshot for header

* Add TextareaWithButton component, test coverage

* TextareaWithButtonComponent and snaps

* Feature feeds (#152)

* button and menu

* left button and menu

* feeds

* without server answer

* with API

* test-update

* fix reload

* style fixing

* style fixing

* fix

* add token expired feature based on the github issue (#158)

* token expired

* modal window

* Spacing cleanup

* fix tests to preserve code coverage level (#160)

* push

* add test for feeds

* topThreeThings test

* coverage

* coverage

README.md, after:

# PulseTile-React

[![travis build](https://img.shields.io/travis/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/PulseTile/PulseTile-React)
[![Codecov](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/PulseTile/PulseTile-React/develop.svg?style=flat-square)](https://codecov.io/gh/PulseTile/PulseTile-React)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PulseTile/PulseTile-React/releases)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)

[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/gitterHQ/gitter.png)](https://gitter.im/Ripple-Foundation/PulseTile)

PulseTile framework - developed with ReactJS

---

## Getting Started
These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine for development and testing purposes. See deployment for notes on how to deploy the project on a live system.

### Prerequisites

This repository has the latest stable version of application in master branch.
All the new functionality and features are developed and added to develop branch and afterwards to master branch.
Please note that master branch consists of custom logic for LeedsPHR theme, so it shouldn't be merged to develop branch not to overlap it.

To develop and run the application locally you must have the following installed:

```
 - NodeJS
 - A running version of The Ripple Middleware listening on port 19191
```
### Installing

    #clone
    $ git clone https://github.com/PulseTile/PulseTile-React.git
    $ cd PulseTile-React
    # install dependencies
    $ npm install
    # start
    $ npm start

## Building & Deployment

PulseTile uses Webpack to build and launch the development environment. After you have installed all dependencies, you may run the app. Running `npm start` will bundle the app with `webpack`, launch a development server, and watch all files. The port will be displayed in the terminal.

Just simply run `npm start` - this will also watch changes.

#### NPM Scripts
Here's a list of available scripts:
* `$ npm run build`
  * it runs Webpack, which will transpile, concatenate, and compress (collectively, "bundle") all assets and modules into `dist/bundle.js`. It also prepares `index.html` to be used as application entry point, links assets and created dist version of our application.
* `$ npm start`
  * it starts a dev server via `webpack-dev-server`, serving the client folder with watching source file change.
* `$ npm run lint`
  * it lints codebase using [Eslint](http://eslint.org/)
* `$ npm run test`
  * it runs unit tests
* `$ npm run test-update`
  * it will run unit tests which will update the snapshots. It should be used mostly in development mode.
